T-minus 40 seconds, everything looks good for launch.
Got time for a 24 year vacation?
Then consider a journey to the most distant planets
of our solar system.
The rest of the solar system beyond the asteroid belt
is really where it's at.
They are two giant worlds of icy gas,
and one of them has a funny name
I pronounce the planet's name "urine-us"
From orbit, Uranus appears sedate and calm
but why is the planet on its side?
And Neptune, the second blue planet
and the last world in our solar system.
So far from the Sun, you wouldn't expect much
to be happening here.
But something is driving its wild winds,
the fastest in the solar system.
And what became of its Great Dark Spot?
So this planet just changes its spots;
leopards don't but Neptune does.
Uranus and Neptune,
the ice giants
Strap yourselves in for an incredible voyage
to the most remote and intriguing planets of all.
There's never been a better time to boldly go
where no human has gone before.
To follow in the footsteps of our robot pioneers
and visit the planets of the solar system.
T-minus two minutes and counting-
go and throttle up
Ever wanted to be an astronaut?